Serverless installation updates for 'serverless.ts' and trace merging (#13199)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/installation/nodejs.md

title: Instrumenting Node.js Serverless Applications
kind: documentation
further_reading:
- link: "/serverless/serverless_integrations/plugin/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Datadog Serverless Plugin"
- link: "/serverless/serverless_integrations/macro/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Datadog Serverless Macro"
- link: "/serverless/serverless_integrations/cli/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Datadog Serverless CLI"
- link: 'serverless/serverless_tagging/'
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: 'Tagging Serverless Applications'
- link: 'serverless/distributed_tracing/'
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: 'Tracing Serverless Applications'
- link: 'serverless/custom_metrics/'
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: 'Submitting Custom Metrics from Serverless Applications'
aliases:
    - /serverless/datadog_lambda_library/nodejs/
    - /serverless/guide/nodejs/
---

> <div class="alert alert-warning">If you previously set up Datadog Serverless using the Datadog Forwarder, see the <a href="docs.datadoghq.com/serverless/guide/datadog_forwarder_node">installation instructions here</a>.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">If you previously set up Datadog Serverless using the Datadog Forwarder, see the <a href="docs.datadoghq.com/serverless/guide/datadog_forwarder_node">Datadog Forwarder - Node</a> guide.</div>
```

    plugins:
      - serverless-plugin-datadog
    ```

> <div class="alert alert-info">If you are instead deploying your Serverless Framework app <a href="https://www.serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/intro">by natively exporting a JSON object from a Javascript file</a> (e.g. using a "serverless.ts" file), follow our <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/serverless/installation/python?tab=custom"> custom installation instructions</a>.</div>

Author: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">If you are instead deploying your Serverless Framework app <a href="https://www.serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/intro">by natively exporting a JSON object from a Javascript file</a> (e.g. using a "serverless.ts" file), follow our <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/serverless/installation/nodejs?tab=custom"> custom installation instructions</a>.</div>
```

> <div class="alert alert-info">If you are instead deploying your Serverless Framework app <a href="https://www.serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/intro">by natively exporting a JSON object from a Javascript file</a> (e.g. using a "serverless.ts" file), follow our <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/serverless/installation/nodejs?tab=custom"> custom installation instructions</a>.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">If you are instead deploying your Serverless Framework app <a href="https://www.serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/intro">by natively exporting a JSON object from a Javascript file</a> (for example, by using a <code>serverless.ts</code> file), follow the <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/serverless/installation/nodejs?tab=custom">custom installation instructions</a>.</div>
```
